and guard spoke all these words I am the
and guard spoke all these words I am the Lord your God who brought you out of the
Lord your God who brought you out of the
Lord your God who brought you out of the land of Egypt out of the house of
land of Egypt out of the house of
land of Egypt out of the house of bondage you shall have no other gods
bondage you shall have no other gods
bondage you shall have no other gods before me you shall not make for
before me you shall not make for
before me you shall not make for yourself a carved image any likeness of
yourself a carved image any likeness of
yourself a carved image any likeness of anything that is in heaven above or that
anything that is in heaven above or that
anything that is in heaven above or that is in the earth beneath or that is in
is in the earth beneath or that is in
is in the earth beneath or that is in the water under the earth you shall not
the water under the earth you shall not
the water under the earth you shall not bow down to them nor serve them for I
bow down to them nor serve them for I
bow down to them nor serve them for I the Lord your God am a jealous God
the Lord your God am a jealous God
the Lord your God am a jealous God visiting the iniquity of the father's
visiting the iniquity of the father's
visiting the iniquity of the father's upon the children to the third and
upon the children to the third and
upon the children to the third and fourth generations of those who hate me
fourth generations of those who hate me
fourth generations of those who hate me but showing mercy to thousands to those
but showing mercy to thousands to those
but showing mercy to thousands to those who love me and keep my Commandments you
who love me and keep my Commandments you
who love me and keep my Commandments you shall not take the name of the Lord your
shall not take the name of the Lord your
shall not take the name of the Lord your God in vain for the Lord will not hold
God in vain for the Lord will not hold
God in vain for the Lord will not hold him guiltless who takes his name in vain
him guiltless who takes his name in vain
him guiltless who takes his name in vain remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy
remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy
remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy six days you shall labor and do all your
six days you shall labor and do all your
six days you shall labor and do all your work but the seventh day is the Sabbath
work but the seventh day is the Sabbath
work but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord your God in it you shall do
of the Lord your God in it you shall do
of the Lord your God in it you shall do no work you nor your son nor your
no work you nor your son nor your
no work you nor your son nor your daughter nor your male servant nor your
daughter nor your male servant nor your
daughter nor your male servant nor your female servant nor your cattle nor your
female servant nor your cattle nor your
female servant nor your cattle nor your stranger who is within your gates for in
stranger who is within your gates for in
stranger who is within your gates for in six days the Lord made the heavens and
six days the Lord made the heavens and
six days the Lord made the heavens and the earth the sea and all that is in
the earth the sea and all that is in
the earth the sea and all that is in them and rested the seventh day
them and rested the seventh day
them and rested the seventh day therefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath
therefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath
therefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day and hallowed it honor your father
day and hallowed it honor your father
day and hallowed it honor your father and your mother that your days may be
and your mother that your days may be
and your mother that your days may be long upon the land which the Lord your
long upon the land which the Lord your
long upon the land which the Lord your God is giving you you shall not murder
God is giving you you shall not murder
God is giving you you shall not murder you shall not commit adultery you shall
you shall not commit adultery you shall
you shall not commit adultery you shall not steal
not steal
not steal you shall not bear false witness against
you shall not bear false witness against
you shall not bear false witness against your neighbor you shall not covet your
your neighbor you shall not covet your
your neighbor you shall not covet your neighbor's house you shall not covet
neighbor's house you shall not covet
neighbor's house you shall not covet your neighbor's wife nor his male
your neighbor's wife nor his male
your neighbor's wife nor his male servant nor his female servant nor his
servant nor his female servant nor his
servant nor his female servant nor his ox nor his donkey nor anything that is
ox nor his donkey nor anything that is
ox nor his donkey nor anything that is your neighbors now all the people
your neighbors now all the people
your neighbors now all the people witness the thunderings and lightnings
witness the thunderings and lightnings
witness the thunderings and lightnings flashes the sound of the trumpet and the
flashes the sound of the trumpet and the
flashes the sound of the trumpet and the mountains smoking when the people saw it
mountains smoking when the people saw it
mountains smoking when the people saw it they trembled and stood afar off then
they trembled and stood afar off then
they trembled and stood afar off then they said to Moses you speak with us and
they said to Moses you speak with us and
they said to Moses you speak with us and we will hear but let not God speak with
we will hear but let not God speak with
we will hear but let not God speak with us lest we die
us lest we die
us lest we die and Moses said to the people do not fear
and Moses said to the people do not fear
and Moses said to the people do not fear for God has come to test you and that
for God has come to test you and that
for God has come to test you and that his fear may be the for you so that you
his fear may be the for you so that you
his fear may be the for you so that you may not sin so the people stood afar off
may not sin so the people stood afar off
may not sin so the people stood afar off but Moses
but Moses
but Moses drew near the thick darkness where God
drew near the thick darkness where God
drew near the thick darkness where God was and the Lord said to Moses
thus you shall say to the children of
thus you shall say to the children of Israel you have seen that I have toured
Israel you have seen that I have toured
Israel you have seen that I have toured with you from heaven you shall not make
with you from heaven you shall not make
with you from heaven you shall not make anything to be with me gods of silver or
anything to be with me gods of silver or
anything to be with me gods of silver or gods of gold you shall not make for
gods of gold you shall not make for
gods of gold you shall not make for yourself an altar of Earth you shall
yourself an altar of Earth you shall
yourself an altar of Earth you shall make for me and you shall sacrifice on
make for me and you shall sacrifice on
make for me and you shall sacrifice on it your burnt offerings and your peace
it your burnt offerings and your peace
it your burnt offerings and your peace offerings your shield and your oxen in
offerings your shield and your oxen in
offerings your shield and your oxen in every place where I record my name I
every place where I record my name I
every place where I record my name I will come to you and I will bless you
will come to you and I will bless you
will come to you and I will bless you and if you make me an altar of stone you
and if you make me an altar of stone you
and if you make me an altar of stone you shall not build it of hewn stone for if
shall not build it of hewn stone for if
shall not build it of hewn stone for if you use your tool on it you have
you use your tool on it you have
you use your tool on it you have profaned it nor shall you go up by steps
profaned it nor shall you go up by steps
profaned it nor shall you go up by steps to my order but your nakedness may not
to my order but your nakedness may not
to my order but your nakedness may not be exposed